---
layout: default
title: E02-228 Not in list of allowed values
parent: Errors
grand_parent: Reference
---

# Attribute Validation Error: Value not in List of Allowed Values

## Problem

An attribute value was invalid and could not be saved because it was not found in the list of allowed values.

This error will be in the details logs when importing data or when applying updates to multiple products.

## Reason

You have restricted the allowed values for an attribute to a fixed list of allowed values and you tried to save a value, that is not in this list.

## Solutions

### Allow the Value in Attribute Settings

Go to attribute settings and update the attribute configuration to allow the value. You can

* Add the value to list of allowed values or
* Allow values that are not listed as allowed values

#### For Products
Go to Settings > Attributes and Sections.
For further information see [Attribute settings article](../../settings/attributes.md).

#### For Custom Entities
Go to Settings > Custom Entities.
For further information see [Custom entities settings article](../../settings/custom-entities.md).

### During Imports
If you got this error during import operations, the following solutions might help.

#### Update Import Source File
If the value is not allowed, open your import file and replace the invalid value with a valid value as defined in your attribute settings. This is the recommended approach for manual imports.

#### Convert Value in Pipeline
Add a pipeline step that converts or removes the invalid value. This is the recommended approach for automated imports.

## Background

Importing wrong data may lead to wrong data in your database and it can become a time consuming task to fix those problems. That's why our import is very strict and will not import records when there are any problems.
